Prosecutors will be violated.

This is hazardous code. Because no one has yet prettified it for public 
consumption, we make all disclaimers and warrant that it's going to hurt
our reputation as coders, be difficult to compile, etc.

That will change, but meanwhile we can't simply let this loose 
on the world without those warnings plus some instructions about freedom, liberty, copying it and commercial use. Components of the STK project are included, so this project and it's parts are subject to the "Synthesis Toolkit License" which sounds like what we intend for the rest of it. Some of the network audio technology included is patented by Stanford University and much of it is public domain. Check with Chris Chafe (the PI) if interested. Many students and other collaborators have helped with the project which began in earnest in 2000 under a grant from NSF.

Any commercial use of the code in this project should be permitted by the PI and Stanford University.

"Synthesis Toolkit License"
/******************/
Legal and Ethical Notes

This software was designed and created to be made publicly available for free, 
primarily for academic purposes, so if you use it, pass it on with this 
documentation, and for free. If you make a million dollars with it, give 
us some. If you make compositions with it, put us in the program notes.

Some of the concepts are covered by various patents, some known to us and 
likely others which are unknown. Many of the ones known to us are administered 
by the Stanford Office of Technology and Licensing. The good news is that 
large hunks of the techniques used here are public domain. To avoid subtle 
legal issues, we will not state what's freely useable here, but we will try 
to note within the various classes where certain things are likely to be 
protected by patents.

Disclaimer

STK is free and we do not guarantee anything. We've been hacking on this code 
for a while now and most of it seems to work pretty well. But, there surely 
are some bugs floating around. Sometimes things work fine on one computer 
platform but not so fine on another. FPU overflows and underflows cause very 
weird behavior which also depends on the particular CPU and OS. Let us know 
about bugs you find and we'll do our best to correct them.
